CRDL-372:Document how to add new codelists to the CRDL cache service (#37)
hmrc/crdl-cache: README.md

[API Documentation (1.0)](https://redocly.github.io/redoc/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fraw.githubusercontent.com%2Fhmrc%2Fcrdl-cache%2Frefs%2Fheads%2Fmain%2Fpublic%2Fapi%2F1.0%2Fopenapi.yaml)

> ### [ Add New Code Lists or Correspondence Lists](./ADDING-CODELISTS.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Adding new codelists

Please see our guide for details of how to [add new codelists](./ADDING-CODELISTS.md) to crdl-cache.
```

Reviewer: I suggest something like this because I don't think that GitHub does a great job of rendering headers that are also links
